Add `current` to `/judgements` (#183)
icpc/ccs-specs: Contest_API.md

| submission\_id       | ID        | Identifier of the [submission](#submissions) judged.
| judgement\_type\_id  | ID ?      | The [verdict](#judgement-types) of this judgement. Required iff judgement has completed.
| score                | number    | Score for this judgement. Required iff contest:scoreboard\_type is `score`.

> | current              | boolean ? | `true` if this is the current judgement. Defaults to `true`. At most one judgement per submission can ever have this `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| current              | boolean ? | `true` if this is the current judgement. Defaults to `true`. At any time, there must be at most one judgement per submission for which this `true` or unset (and thus defaulting to `true`).
```
